Documented analytics and cookies (#1131)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/general/cookies.rst

.. _configuration_general_cookies:

Privacy and cookies
===================

By default, Open Forms only uses (first party) `strictly necessary cookies`_ 

> (although sometimes confusingly called "functionality cookies"). These cookies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(although sometimes confusingly called "functional cookies"). These cookies 
```
I think that's how it's usually named?

Author: I took it from here: https://gdpr.eu/cookies/

I think "functional" has more the meaining of "working" cookies (as apposed to cookies that do not work).

> are needed to make Open Forms work: The browser should remembers which form 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are needed to make Open Forms work: the browser has to remember which form 
```

> someone is currently doing and whether you are authenticated in or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
someone is currently filling out and whether you are authenticated or not.
```

form (see below).

**Ask permission to process user data before submitting a form**

If you created a form that asks for personal data, it's a good idea to enable
this option to make the user aware they are sending personal data to your 
organisation. When enabled, a checkbox is shown on the summary page that users
need to check before they can submit the form. The message next to the checkbox
is configurable and can optionally contain the link to the configured privacy 
policy by using ``{% privacy_policy %}`` in the label.

.. image:: _assets/agree_to_process_data.png

**Ask for cookie consent**

This is also known as the cookie bar or cookie notice. You can create an 
overview of your cookies and ask for the users consent when they first arrive
at a form. All non-required cookies are rejected until the user explicitly
allows these cookies. Required cookies cannot be rejected.

Although this is optional, if you enable any of the settings 
for :ref:`analytics <configuration_general_analytics>` you will need to 
configure some cookie settings first.

.. image:: _assets/cookie_notice.png

.. image:: _assets/manage_cookies.png

> Configure cookies

Reviewer: I think this is missing the step in the global configuration to specify which cookie group is used for analytics.

Author: I tackled that in the analytics part.

Author: Nope, I did not. Will add.

Author: Doh, it was tackled below in the section **Configure privacy**
